.TH ST Shortcuts
.SH BUILT-IN
.TP
.B Break
Send a break in the serial line.
Break key is obtained in PC keyboards
pressing at the same time control and pause.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Print Screen
Toggle if st should print to the
.I iofile.
.TP
.B Shift-Print Screen
Print the full screen to the
.I iofile.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Equals
Increase font size.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Minus
Decrease font size.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-Home
Reset to default font size.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-c
Copy the selected text to the clipboard selection.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-v
Paste from the clipboard selection.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-y
Paste from primary selection (middle mouse button).

.SH CUSTOM
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-u
Look through the screen buffer for
.I urls
and present a menu t the user.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-k
Scroll up through the scrollback.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-j
Scroll down through the scrollback.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Shift-Escape
Enable
.I select mode.

.SH Select Mode
.TP
.B h, j, k, l:
move cursor freely (arrow keys work too)
.TP
.B !, _, *:
move cursor to the middle of the line/column/screen
.TP
.B Backspace, $:
move cursor to the beginning/end of the line
.TP
.B PgUp, PgDown :
move cursor to the beginning/end of the column
.TP
.B Home, End:
move cursor to the top/bottom left corner of the screen
.TP
.B /, ?:
activate input mode and search up/down
.TP
.B n, N:
repeat last search, up/down
.TP
.B s:
toggle move/selection mode
.TP
.B t:
toggle regular/rectangular selection type
.TP
.B Return:
quit keyboard_select, keeping the highlight of the selection
.TP
.B Escape:
quit keyboard_select
